h1. Chartify

This is a jQuery plugin that takes data in @<table>@ form and transforms it into Google Charts img elements.

Go to http://github.com/daytona/chartify/downloads for downloads.
 
h2. Requirements

* "jQuery":http://jquery.com/

h2. Currently supported chart types

* Bar charts
** Stacked
** Grouped
* Pie charts
* Venn/Euler diagrams
* A simple gender diagram

h2. Implementation

p. Various examples of table markup can be found in "index.html":https://github.com/daytona/chartify/blob/master/index.html

p. Include jQuery and the plugin.

bc.. <script type="text/javascript" src="https://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.5.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="javascripts/chartify.js"></script>

p. Call the plugin function on the desired table elements with the chart type as parameter (bar, pie, venn or gender) and an optional options object.

bc.. $('.my-bar-charts').chartify('bar');

var options = {chartWidth: 530, colors: ["000000", "666666", "cccccc"]};
$('#my-pie-chart').chartify('pie', options);

h3. Options

p. When called without an options parameter, the following defaults are used.

bc.. var settings = {
	chartWidth: 496, // in pixels
	chartHeight: 180,  // used when chart is of fixed height
	textColor: "666666",
	textSize: "11",
	colors: 	["ff9daa","ffc000","007ec6","433840","6cc05c","ff710f","ED1F27","95a8ad","0053aa"], // the colors are cycled through
	barWidth : 20,
	barSpacing: 2,
	groupSpacing: 10,
	imageClass: '', // class(es) to add to the img element
	margin: 20
};

p. To override any of the default options use the options parameter.

h3. Bar chart types

p. To configure bar charts, classes can be added to the table element.

bc.. 
<!-- Each group is considered a distribution of the population, and the bars of each group sum up to 100%. -->
<table class="distribution">

<!-- The values are stacked onto each other. -->
<table class="stacked">

<!-- The values are stacked onto each other. Each stack is considered a distribution (i.e. sums up to 100%). -->
<table class="stacked distribution">

<!-- Do not display value labels. -->
<table class="suppress-context-labels">

<!-- Treat all amounts as percent. -->
<table class="percent">

h2. License

Chartify is dual licensed under the "MIT":http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php and "GPL":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt licenses.

h2. More information

p. Chartify was originally developed as part of <em>Daytona Labs</em>, the research program of the digital agency "Daytona":http://www.daytona.se. Daytona is based in Stockholm, Sweden.

h2. Author

p. Rasmus Sellberg, rasmus@daytona.se